My Area
Write about your family home
Write about where your grandparents are from
Write about what's changed in your area in the last 10 years
Write about what you like most about your area
Write about where you shop
Write about a natural feature near you
Write about where you go for local holidays
Write about something that scared you in your area
Write about holidays in your area (eg Christmas, pick the nearest one)
Write about how weddings take place in your area
What do most people believe about God in your area?
Is there much conflict in your area?
Do people have pets in your area?
Tell me a story you heard about your area that happened a long time ago
How do people get about in your area?
Tell me about a song that is about your area
Tell me about conflict in your area
What are the symbols of your area, and the ones people would use and recognise?
Tell me about the ecology of your area
Tell me about the superstitions that the people of your area have
Tell me about language in your areaWhat are some common names in your area, and why are they popular?
Give me a proverb or two from your area
Tell me of a big event that happened recently (within the last 5 years) in your area
Tell me of a big event that happened a few years ago (5-20 years ago) in your area
Tell me of a big event that happened a good few years ago (20-50 years ago) in your area
Tell me of a big event that happened a long time ago (50-100 years ago) in your area
Tell me of a big event that happened over a hundred years ago in your area
Write about education in your area
How do people celebrate important days in their own lives in your area?
What is happening in your area at the moment that is newsworthy?
Write about the top local news story in your area
Write about a news story in your area that interests you personally
Tell me about the history of your areaTell me about traditional cooking in your area
Tell me about modern cooking in your area
Tell me about your parent's cooking - what did they make you to eat when you lived with them?
What happens in your area that doesn't in others
What are you proud of your area for?
What is the most beautiful building in your area? Tell me about when/ why it was built
What is the oldest building in your area? Tell me about when/ why it was built
Tell me about how kids are brought up in your area
Tell me about your neighbours
Tell me about the elderly people in your area. What are they like?
Tell me about a good memory you have in a landmark of your area
Tell me a bad memory you have in a landmark of your area