Myself & My family
Describe yourself physically
Describe your personality
What do you do in your free time
Tell me a story from your childhood
Tell me a small event that happened in the last week in your life
Tell me about what you like to do in your free time
Tell me about something you can do better than your peers
Tell me about a skill you'd like to improve
--Tell me about something you did in your childhood that you are proud of
Tell me about something you did in your childhood that you are ashamed of
Tell me about how you spend a rainy day at home
Tell me about how you like to spend a sunny day
Tell me about a memory you cherish
Tell me about a secret of yours
What kind of day are you having, and why?
What's your favorite color, place, food, book, song, or movie, and why?
What do you like to do? How does it make you feel?
Where are you happiest? Describe that place.
What's something you're good at? What makes you good at it?
What do you consider to be your culture, and how do you feel about it?
What would you change about yourself or your life? Is there a way for you to change it?
What is your relationship like with various members of your family?
If you have brothers or sisters, how are you similar to them or different from them? What about with your friends?
What are your views on religion?
What keeps you up at night worrying? Are your worries realistic? Is there anything you can do about them?
Do you have a philosophy of life? If so, what is it? If not, what is your method for making important decisions?
In what areas are you optimistic, and in what areas are you pessimistic?
What are your most prized possessions?
Who is someone you miss?
What is something someone else has that you envy? Describe it and your feelings about it.
What is a book, movie, song, or television program that has influenced you, and how?
What is a mistake people often make about you?
What's something you disagree with about the way you were raised?
What's your favorite season? Describe it.
What's your favorite colour? Describe it.
What's your favorite place? Describe it.
What's your favorite food? Describe it.
What's your favorite song? Describe it.
Describe your dream job.
Describe your dream man/woman.
Describe your dream house.
How would you like your life to be when you're older?
What would be the guest list at your dream party? What would the various guests talk about?
What magic power would you like to have? How would you use it? What would it feel like?
If you won the lottery, what would you do?
What's a country you'd like to visit? How do you imagine your time there